Joe walks into the facility on Monday.
He takes inventory of his areas and finds the following.
In the med-surg primary, Joe finds
that he has an overstock of gloves.
His standard level is 100 boxes, but upon review,
he finds that he has 150 boxes total.
Joe also finds that he has an under stock of gowns.
His standard level is 50 cases, but upon review,
he finds that he has 35 cases total.
Joe has also received an order in first thing this morning.
He has requested five cases of slipper socks,
but received water pitchers instead.
Joe also logs into the DCEP website
to look at the null fields report from med-surg.
He notices that there are 10 items
that are missing information.
What does Joe do?